Fully Dressed

Name: Parking Spot Management

Primary Actor: Administrator

Stakeholders and interests:
•	Administrator: Ability to manage parking spots and relate them to future reservations. 
•	Parking Lot:  Have the Parking spaces full list with their info updated.

Preconditions: 
•	The Parking Lot to which the Parking Place belongs must exist in the database whether it is public or private.

Postconditions:
•	The Parking Lot is updated, according to the Parking Spots that were added by the Administrator.

Main Success Scenario: 
1. The administrator starts the authentication process.
2. The Platform allows the administrator to be authenticated.
3. The administrator accesses the platform.
4. The platform asks what action the administrator intends to perform (Register, Consult, Edit, Delete).
5. The administrator chooses to register a parking space.
6. The platform asks the administrator to fill the required data (single designation, floor, price, parking lot name).
7. The administrator inputs the requested data.
8. The platform shows the data to the administrator, asking him to confirm it.
9. The administrator confirms. 
10.The platform saves the data and informs the administrator that the operation was successful.


Extensions (alternative scenarios):
*a.
1. The Administrator can’t authenticate on the platform.
2. The use case ends.

*b.
1. The administrator asks for the cancelation of the registration of the parking space.
2. The use case ends.

5a. The administrator chooses Consult, Edit, Delete but there are no registered parking spots
1. The platform asks if the Administrator wishes to Consult, Edit or Delete a parking spot.
2. The Administrator chooses an option.
3. The platform asks which parking spot the administrator is interested in.
4. The Administrator inserts the id of the parking spot to be searched.
5. The platform informs the administrator that the parking spot does not exist.
6. The use case ends. Starts again on step 1.

5b. The administrator just wants to consult the data
1. The administrator chooses Consult.
2. The platform shows the list of the registered parking spots.
3. The administrator selects a parking spot.
4. The platform shows the selected parking spot info. 
5. The use case ends.

5c. The administrator wants to edit a registered parking spot.
1. The administrator asks to edit a specific parking spot.
2. The platform shows the list of all the parking spots that were registered.
3. The administrator picks one of the parking spots of the list.
4. The platform shows the chosen parking spot info.
5. The administrator edits the info as it wishes.
6. The platform confirms the edited info.
7. The administrator confirms.
8. The platform registers the info and the operation is successful.
9. The use case ends.

5d. The administrator wants to delete a parking spot
1. The administrator selects Delete.
2. The platform shows the list of all the parking spots that were registered.
3. The administrator selects a parking spot.
4. The platform shows the selected parking spot info and asks the administrator to confirm the action.
5. The administrator confirms he wants to delete that parking spot.
6. The platform deletes the selected parking spot info.
7. The use case ends.

8a. The platform detects that the parking spot Unique Designation already exists.
1. The platform alerts the administrator to that fact.
2. The administrator does not change the entered Unique Designation.
3. The use case ends.

Special Requirements: N/A

Variations in Technology and Data: N/A

Frequency of Occurrence: Whenever a parking place needs to be registered.

Miscellaneous: 
