Brief:

The non-registered user accesses the platform to register in it. The platform asks the non-registered user for Name, NIF, and email.
The not registered user inserts the requested data. The platform shows the data to the non-registered user, asking him to confirm it.
The non-registered user confirms. The platform saves the data and informs the new user that the operation was successful.


Fully-Dressed:

Name: User Registration

Primary Actor: Non-user

Stakeholders and interests:
• Non-User: Have the ability to register in the platform and being able to use the features it provides.
• Platform:  Have registered users using the platform.

Preconditions: n/a

Postconditions:
• The Users list is updated according to the details provided by the user himself.

Main Success Scenario: 
1. The non-user starts the registration process.
2. The Platform asks for its details (Name, nif and email).
3. The non-user inserts the requested data.
4. The platform shows the data to the non-user, asking him to confirm it.
5. The non-user confirms. 
6. The platform saves the data and informs the non-user that the operation was successful and that he became a platform registered user.

Extensions (alternative scenarios):
*a.
1. The non-user cancels the registration process.
2. The use case ends.

3a.
3. The non-user inserts non valid data.
4. The platform warns him about it.
5. The platform allows the non-user to change the data.
6. The non-user does not change the data.
7. The use case ends.

3b.
3. Required data was not inserted
4. The platform informs which details are required.
5. The non-user does not input the required data.
6. The use case ends.

6a. The platform detects that the user details already exist in the platform belonging to another user.
7. The platform alerts the non-user to that fact.
8. The platform allows the non-user to change the input details.
9. The non-user does not change the entered duplicated details.
10. The use case ends.
pecial Requirements:

Variations in Technology and Data: N/A

Frequency of Occurrence: Whenever a non-user wants to get registered in the platform.

Miscellaneous: 