Brief:

The user accesses the platform and authenticates in it. The user opens the SubLet Managing dashboard.
The platform asks what action the user intends to perform (Register, Consult, Edit, Delete). The user chooses to register a sublet.
The platform asks the user to fill the required data ( reservation identification, let hours, let price, start time). The user inputs the requested data.
The platform shows the data to the user, asking him to confirm it. The user confirms.
The platform saves the data and informs the user that the operation was successful.

Fully-Dressed:

Name: Sublet Management

Primary Actor: User

Stakeholders and interests:
• User: Have the ability to sublet his reservation passing it to another user and have the chance to get credit from this transaction.
• User: Have the chance of reserving an already booked parking spot.
• Platform:  Give more rent options to its users.

Preconditions: 
• A reservation must exist and must belong to the user.

Postconditions:
• The Sublet list is updated according to the details provided by the user..

Main Success Scenario: 
1. The user accesses the Sublet managing dashboard in the platform.
2. The Platform asks what action he intends to perform (Register, Consult, Edit, Delete).
3. The user selects register a sublet.
4. The platform asks to fill the required data (reservationID, letHours, letPrice, startTime)
5. The user inserts the requested data.
6. The platform shows the data to the user, asking him to confirm it.
7. The user confirms. 
8. The platform saves the data and informs the user that the operation was successful.

Extensions (alternative scenarios):
*a.
1. The user cancels the sublet registration process.
2. The use case ends.

5a.
1. The user inserts non valid data.
2. The platform warns him about it.
3. The platform allows the user to change the data.
4. The user does not change the data.
5. The use case ends.

5b.
1. Required data was not inserted
2. The platform informs the user which details are required.
3. The user does not input the required data.
4. The use case ends.

5c. The platform cannot find the Reservation.
1. The platform alerts the user to that fact.
2. The platform allows the user to change the reservation unique identificator.
3. The user does not input an existing reservation.
4. The use case ends.

6a. The platform detects that the sublet details already exist in the platform.
1. The platform alerts the user to that fact.
2. The platform allows the user to change the input details.
3. The user does not change the entered duplicated details.
4. The use case ends.

Special Requirements:

Variations in Technology and Data: n/a

Frequency of Occurrence: Whenever a user wants to sublet his reservation.

Miscellaneous: 
