Brief:

After choosing a parking spot and making a reservation the user proceeds to pay. He informs the platform he wants to pay.
The platform shows him the full price and asks how he intends to pay. The user choses a payment method.
The platform confirms the payment method and asks for user details. The user inserts his data.
The platform confirms the payment and the successful reservation process.


Fully-Dressed:

Name: Payment Processing

Primary Actor: User

Stakeholders and interests:

User: 
• Wants purchase and fast service with minimal effort.
• Wants to pay a parking spot reservation on the platform.

Platform:  
• Wants to accurately receive the payment in the platform.

Preconditions: There is a previous reservation of a parking spot. 

Postconditions:
• The payment approvals are recorded.
• QR-Code is generated.

Main Success Scenario: 
1. The user informs the platform he wants to pay.
2. The platform shows him the full price and asks how he intends to pay.
3. The user chooses a payment method.
4. The platform confirms the payment method and asks for user details.
5. The user inserts his payment details.
6. The platform shows the data to the user asking him to confirm it.
9. The user confirms.
10. The platform confirms the payment and the successful reservation process.

Extensions (alternative scenarios):

*a. At any time, systems fail:
1. To support recovery and correct accounting, ensure all transactions and events can be recovered from any step of the scenario.

*b.
1. The user cancels the payment.
2. The use case ends.

*c. 
1. The user inserts non-valid data.
2. The platform warns him about it and allows the user to change the data.
3. The user does not change the data.
4. The use case ends.

*d.
1. The payment is refused.
2. The platform requests the user to inserts new payment details.
3. The user inserts his data.
4. The platform shows the data to the user asking him to confirm it.
5. The user confirms.
6. The platform confirms the payment and the successful reservation process.

Special Requirements:
• Display international currencies and languages depending on the user’s nationality.

Variations in Technology and Data: N/A

Frequency of Occurrence: Whenever a user wants to make a payment.

Miscellaneous: N/A
